remote-node: replace moneroworld with monero.fail (#2261)
monero-project/monero-site: _i18n/en/resources/moneropedia/remote-node.md

Public nodes are reachable in the network using two systems:

> - **Node aggregators**, which are basically lists of open remote nodes. The operators of those nodes decided to add them to the aggregator so that other people can use them. The aggregator will provide to the person who want to use a remote node a simple URL. This URL connects to one of the nodes in the list and will need to be inserted in the Monero wallet (GUI or CLI). The wallet will then contact one of the nodes provided by the URL and will allow the end user to immediately receive and send transactions. One of the most famous node aggregators is [Monero.fail](https://monero.fail/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **A node aggregator**. Which is basically a list of public remote nodes. The operators of those nodes decided to add them to the aggregator so that other people can use them. The aggregator will provide the user with a list of remote nodes to choose from. The selected node will need to be manually entered into your Monero wallet of choice. The wallet will connect to the selected node, allowing the user to sync their wallet with the network as well as send and receive transactions. One of the most famous node aggregators is [Monero.fail](https://monero.fail/).
```
